docs/DATABASE_SCHEMA_REFINED.md, before:

# 🗄️ Truth Wars Refined Database Schema

## 📋 **Overview**
This document defines the complete database schema for the refined Truth Wars game system, supporting reputation tracking, Trust/Flag voting, shadow ban mechanics, and educational features. This schema reflects the actual implementation in the current codebase.

## 📊 **Core Game Tables**

### **games** (Enhanced)
```sql
-- Enhanced games table for refined system
id (String Primary Key) -- UUID as string for SQLite compatibility
game_type (VARCHAR) -- Always "truth_wars"
status (ENUM) -- 'waiting', 'active', 'completed', 'cancelled'
chat_id (BIGINT) -- Telegram chat ID
chat_type (VARCHAR) -- 'group' for Truth Wars
max_players (INT DEFAULT 8) -- Maximum players (5-8)
min_players (INT DEFAULT 5) -- Minimum to start
total_rounds (INT DEFAULT 5) -- Always 5 for refined system
current_round (INT DEFAULT 1) -- Current round (1-5)
fake_headlines_trusted (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Scammer win condition tracker
fake_headlines_flagged (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Truth team win condition tracker
winning_faction (ENUM) -- 'truth_team', 'scammer_team'
win_condition_met (VARCHAR) -- How game was won
settings (JSON) -- Game configuration
game_metadata (JSON) -- Additional metadata
created_at (TIMESTAMP)
started_at (TIMESTAMP)
completed_at (TIMESTAMP)
```

### **game_players** (Enhanced)
```sql
-- Enhanced player participation tracking
id (String Primary Key) -- UUID as string
game_id (Foreign Key → games.id)
user_id (BIGINT) -- Telegram user ID
current_reputation (INT DEFAULT 3) -- Current RP (0-3+)
starting_reputation (INT DEFAULT 3) -- RP at game start
reputation_lost (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Total RP lost during game
reputation_gained (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Total RP gained during game
is_ghost_viewer (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE) -- 0 RP status
became_ghost_at_round (INT) -- Round when became Ghost Viewer
is_shadow_banned (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE) -- Current shadow ban status
shadow_ban_expires_round (INT) -- Round when shadow ban expires
shadow_ban_count (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Times shadow banned this game
is_active (BOOLEAN DEFAULT TRUE) -- Still in game
is_winner (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE) -- Player's faction won
headlines_voted_correctly (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Correct headline votes
headlines_voted_incorrectly (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Incorrect headline votes
joined_at (TIMESTAMP)
left_at (TIMESTAMP)
player_data (JSON) -- Player-specific game state
```

### **truth_wars_games** (Game-Specific Data)
```sql
-- Truth Wars specific game data
game_id (Foreign Key → games.id, Primary Key)
current_phase (ENUM) -- 'lobby', 'role_assignment', 'round_start', 'discussion', 'voting', 'resolution', 'game_end'
phase_end_time (TIMESTAMP) -- When current phase ends
discussion_duration (INT DEFAULT 120) -- Discussion time (2 min)
voting_duration (INT DEFAULT 45) -- Voting time (45 sec)
resolution_duration (INT DEFAULT 30) -- Resolution time (30 sec)
drunk_rotation_order (JSON) -- Order of Drunk role rotation
current_drunk_player_id (BIGINT) -- Current Drunk player
educational_tips_shared (JSON) -- Tips shared this game
snipes_available_this_round (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE) -- Snipes available
snipes_used_this_round (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Snipes used this round
next_snipe_round (INT DEFAULT 2) -- Next snipe round
truth_score (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Truth Team points (v3 scoring)
scam_score (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Scammer Team points (v3 scoring)
current_headline_id (String Foreign Key → headlines.id) -- Active headline
difficulty_progression (JSON) -- Difficulty per round ['easy', 'medium', 'medium', 'hard', 'hard']
settings (JSON) -- Game-specific settings
```

### **player_roles** (Enhanced Role System)
```sql
-- Enhanced player roles for refined Truth Wars system
id (String Primary Key) -- UUID as string
game_player_id (Foreign Key → game_players.id)
role_name (VARCHAR) -- 'fact_checker', 'scammer', 'influencer', 'drunk', 'normie'
faction (ENUM) -- 'truth_team', 'scammer_team'
is_original_drunk (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE) -- Original Drunk assignment
drunk_rotation_position (INT) -- Position in rotation
snipe_ability_used_rounds (JSON) -- Rounds when snipe used
snipe_ability_available (BOOLEAN DEFAULT TRUE) -- Can use snipe
fact_checker_blind_round (INT) -- Round when FC doesn't get info
influencer_vote_weight (INT DEFAULT 1) -- Vote weight (2 for Influencer)
educational_tips_shared (JSON) -- Tips shared while Drunk
media_literacy_content (JSON) -- Role-specific educational content
assigned_at (TIMESTAMP)
became_drunk_at (TIMESTAMP)
```

## 🎯 **Enhanced User & Educational Tables**

### **users** (Enhanced User Tracking)
```sql
-- Enhanced user model with media literacy tracking
id (BIGINT Primary Key) -- Telegram user ID
username (VARCHAR)
first_name (VARCHAR)
last_name (VARCHAR)
is_active (BOOLEAN DEFAULT TRUE)
is_admin (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
created_at (TIMESTAMP)
last_seen_at (TIMESTAMP)

-- Enhanced game statistics
total_games (INT DEFAULT 0)
total_wins (INT DEFAULT 0)
truth_team_wins (INT DEFAULT 0)
scammer_team_wins (INT DEFAULT 0)

-- Reputation system stats
total_reputation_earned (INT DEFAULT 0)
average_reputation (FLOAT DEFAULT 3.0)

-- Headline voting accuracy
headlines_voted_on (INT DEFAULT 0)
correct_votes (INT DEFAULT 0)
fake_headlines_correctly_flagged (INT DEFAULT 0)
real_headlines_correctly_trusted (INT DEFAULT 0)

-- Role performance tracking
times_as_fact_checker (INT DEFAULT 0)
times_as_scammer (INT DEFAULT 0)
times_as_influencer (INT DEFAULT 0)
times_as_drunk (INT DEFAULT 0)
times_as_normie (INT DEFAULT 0)

-- Snipe system stats
successful_snipes (INT DEFAULT 0)
failed_snipes (INT DEFAULT 0)
times_shadow_banned (INT DEFAULT 0)

-- Learning progress
media_literacy_level (INT DEFAULT 1) -- Current level (1-10)
educational_tips_seen (JSON) -- Tips seen
learning_streak (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Current streak
best_learning_streak (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Best streak
```

### **headlines** (Enhanced Content Database)
```sql
-- Enhanced headlines with educational value
id (String Primary Key) -- UUID as string
text (TEXT) -- The headline text
is_real (BOOLEAN) -- True for real news, False for fake
source (VARCHAR) -- Publication/source name
source_url (VARCHAR) -- Original article URL
source_credibility_rating (INT) -- Source credibility (1-10)
publication_date (TIMESTAMP) -- When published
category (VARCHAR DEFAULT 'general') -- Topic category
difficulty (VARCHAR DEFAULT 'medium') -- 'easy', 'medium', 'hard'
explanation (TEXT) -- Educational explanation
detection_tips (JSON) -- Specific detection tips
bias_indicators (JSON) -- Language bias markers
red_flags (JSON) -- Red flags for fake news
verification_sources (JSON) -- Sources to verify claims
teaches_concepts (JSON) -- Media literacy concepts taught
common_misconceptions (JSON) -- Misconceptions addressed
times_used (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Usage count
times_trusted (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Trust votes received
times_flagged (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Flag votes received
correct_votes (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Correct votes received
created_at (TIMESTAMP)
last_used (TIMESTAMP)
created_by (VARCHAR) -- Creator/curator
```

## 🔗 **Voting & Analytics Tables**

### **headline_votes** (Trust/Flag Voting Records)
```sql
-- Trust/Flag voting records for refined system
id (String Primary Key) -- UUID as string
game_id (Foreign Key → games.id)
user_id (BIGINT Foreign Key → users.id)
headline_id (Foreign Key → headlines.id)
vote (ENUM) -- 'trust', 'flag'
is_correct (BOOLEAN) -- Whether vote was correct
vote_weight (INT DEFAULT 1) -- Vote weight (2 for Influencer)
round_number (INT) -- Round when vote cast
voter_reputation_before (INT) -- RP before vote
voter_reputation_after (INT) -- RP after vote
timestamp (TIMESTAMP)
vote_confidence (INT) -- Confidence level (1-5) if collected
changed_vote (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE) -- Whether vote was changed
reasoning_provided (TEXT) -- Player's reasoning
used_fact_check_info (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE) -- FC info available
```

### **player_reputation_history** (RP Change Tracking)
```sql
-- Track reputation changes over time
id (String Primary Key) -- UUID as string
user_id (BIGINT Foreign Key → users.id)
game_player_id (Foreign Key → game_players.id)
round_number (INT)
reputation_before (INT)
reputation_after (INT)
change_amount (INT) -- +1, -1, etc.
change_reason (VARCHAR) -- 'correct_vote', 'incorrect_vote', 'scammer_bonus'
headline_id (Foreign Key → headlines.id)
player_vote (ENUM) -- 'trust', 'flag'
headline_truth (BOOLEAN) -- Whether headline was real
timestamp (TIMESTAMP)
```

### **round_results** (Round Outcome Tracking)
```sql
-- Results of each round
id (String Primary Key) -- UUID as string
game_id (Foreign Key → games.id)
headline_id (Foreign Key → headlines.id)
round_number (INT) -- Round number (1-5)
headline_was_real (BOOLEAN)
total_trust_votes (INT)
total_flag_votes (INT)
weighted_trust_votes (INT) -- Including Influencer weight
weighted_flag_votes (INT)
majority_vote (ENUM) -- 'trust', 'flag'
majority_was_correct (BOOLEAN)
fake_headline_trusted (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
fake_headline_flagged (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
contributes_to_scammer_win (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
contributes_to_truth_win (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
fact_checker_influence (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
drunk_tip_shared (TEXT) -- Educational tip shared
players_learned_something (JSON) -- Players who learned
players_voted_correctly (JSON) -- Correct voters
players_lost_reputation (JSON) -- Players who lost RP
new_ghost_viewers (JSON) -- New Ghost Viewers
round_started_at (TIMESTAMP)
round_ended_at (TIMESTAMP)
```

## 🎯 **Shadow Ban & Snipe System Tables**

### **snipe_actions** (Snipe Attempt Tracking)
```sql
-- Track snipe attempts and results
id (String Primary Key) -- UUID as string
game_id (Foreign Key → games.id)
sniper_id (BIGINT Foreign Key → users.id)
target_id (BIGINT Foreign Key → users.id)
round_number (INT)
snipe_result (ENUM) -- 'success', 'failed', 'blocked'
sniper_role (VARCHAR) -- Role of sniper
target_role (VARCHAR) -- Role of target
sniper_reputation (INT) -- Sniper's RP when used
target_reputation (INT) -- Target's RP when sniped
snipe_reasoning (TEXT) -- Why this target
was_revenge_snipe (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
target_was_suspicious (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
target_shadow_banned (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
sniper_revealed (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
affected_game_outcome (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
timestamp (TIMESTAMP)
```

### **shadow_ban_history** (Shadow Ban Event Tracking)
```sql
-- Track shadow ban events
id (String Primary Key) -- UUID as string
game_id (Foreign Key → games.id)
snipe_action_id (Foreign Key → snipe_actions.id)
banned_player_id (BIGINT Foreign Key → users.id)
round_banned (INT) -- When shadow ban started
round_expires (INT) -- When shadow ban expires
ban_duration_rounds (INT) -- Duration in rounds
messages_blocked (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Messages blocked count
could_still_vote (BOOLEAN DEFAULT TRUE) -- Voting allowed
affected_voting_behavior (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
banned_at (TIMESTAMP)
expires_at (TIMESTAMP)
```

## 📚 **Educational & Analytics Tables**

### **headline_usage** (Content Performance Tracking)
```sql
-- Track headline usage for optimization
id (String Primary Key) -- UUID as string
headline_id (Foreign Key → headlines.id)
game_id (Foreign Key → games.id)
round_result_id (Foreign Key → round_results.id)
round_number (INT)
difficulty_level (VARCHAR)
player_count (INT)
correct_vote_percentage (FLOAT)
engagement_score (FLOAT)
discussion_quality (INT) -- Quality rating (1-5)
players_learned (INT DEFAULT 0)
misconceptions_corrected (JSON)
educational_goals_met (JSON)
was_too_easy (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
was_too_hard (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
needs_better_explanation (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
used_at (TIMESTAMP)
```

### **media_literacy_analytics** (Learning Outcomes)
```sql
-- Track learning outcomes and educational effectiveness
id (String Primary Key) -- UUID as string
user_id (BIGINT Foreign Key → users.id)
game_id (Foreign Key → games.id) -- Optional
concepts_learned (JSON)
skills_improved (JSON)
misconceptions_corrected (JSON)
before_accuracy (FLOAT)
after_accuracy (FLOAT)
improvement_percentage (FLOAT)
learning_source (VARCHAR) -- 'drunk_tip', 'discussion', etc.
educational_content_id (VARCHAR)
learning_session_duration (INT) -- Minutes
knowledge_retained_after_game (BOOLEAN)
applied_in_subsequent_games (BOOLEAN)
engagement_level (INT) -- 1-5 rating
asked_questions (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
shared_with_others (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
learning_occurred_at (TIMESTAMP)
measured_at (TIMESTAMP)
```

### **drunk_role_assignments** (Educational Role Rotation)
```sql
-- Track Drunk role rotation and educational content
id (String Primary Key) -- UUID as string
game_id (Foreign Key → games.id)
player_id (BIGINT Foreign Key → users.id)
round_assigned (INT)
round_rotation_ends (INT)
was_original_drunk (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
rotation_position (INT)
tips_shared (JSON) -- Educational tips shared
concepts_taught (JSON) -- Media literacy concepts
player_engagement (JSON) -- How others engaged
educational_effectiveness (FLOAT)
players_who_learned (JSON)
questions_answered (INT DEFAULT 0)
assigned_at (TIMESTAMP)
rotation_completed_at (TIMESTAMP)
```

## 🔗 **Key Indexes & Performance**

### **Essential Indexes**
```sql
-- Performance indexes for common queries
CREATE INDEX idx_games_chat_status ON games(chat_id, status);
CREATE INDEX idx_game_players_game_user ON game_players(game_id, user_id);
CREATE INDEX idx_reputation_history_game_round ON player_reputation_history(user_id, round_number);
CREATE INDEX idx_headline_votes_game_round ON headline_votes(game_id, round_number);
CREATE INDEX idx_headlines_real_difficulty ON headlines(is_real, difficulty);
CREATE INDEX idx_shadow_ban_game_round ON shadow_ban_history(game_id, round_banned);
CREATE INDEX idx_snipe_actions_game_round ON snipe_actions(game_id, round_number);
CREATE INDEX idx_users_total_games ON users(total_games, total_wins);
```

### **Data Constraints**
```sql
-- Ensure data integrity
ALTER TABLE game_players ADD CONSTRAINT chk_reputation_range 
    CHECK (current_reputation >= 0 AND current_reputation <= 10);

ALTER TABLE headline_votes ADD CONSTRAINT chk_vote_type 
    CHECK (vote IN ('trust', 'flag'));

ALTER TABLE round_results ADD CONSTRAINT chk_round_number 
    CHECK (round_number >= 1 AND round_number <= 5);

ALTER TABLE headlines ADD CONSTRAINT chk_difficulty 
    CHECK (difficulty IN ('easy', 'medium', 'hard'));

ALTER TABLE snipe_actions ADD CONSTRAINT chk_snipe_result
    CHECK (snipe_result IN ('success', 'failed', 'blocked'));
```

## 📈 **Enum Definitions (Actual Implementation)**

### **Game Status**
- `waiting` - Game lobby, waiting for players
- `active` - Game in progress
- `completed` - Game finished
- `cancelled` - Game cancelled

### **Game Phase**
- `lobby` - Player joining phase
- `role_assignment` - Roles being assigned
- `round_start` - Round beginning
- `discussion` - Discussion phase (2 min)
- `voting` - Trust/Flag voting (45 sec)
- `resolution` - Results and education (30 sec)
- `game_end` - Game completed

### **Player Faction**
- `truth_team` - Truth Seekers faction
- `scammer_team` - Misinformers faction

### **Vote Type**
- `trust` - Trust the headline (think it's real)
- `flag` - Flag the headline (think it's fake)

### **Snipe Result**
- `success` - Snipe successful, target shadow banned
- `failed` - Snipe failed, sniper shadow banned
- `blocked` - Snipe attempt blocked/invalid

## 🎯 **Key Features Supported**

✅ **Reputation System**: 3 RP starting system with detailed tracking  
✅ **Trust/Flag Voting**: Complete vote recording with weights and accuracy  
✅ **Shadow Ban Mechanics**: Snipe abilities with duration tracking  
✅ **5-Round Structure**: Fixed game length with round progression  
✅ **Educational Analytics**: Learning progress and improvement tracking  
✅ **Role Rotation**: Drunk role rotation among Normies  
✅ **v3 Team Scoring**: First-to-3-points win condition tracking  
✅ **Media Literacy Integration**: Comprehensive educational content system

## 🔄 **Migration & Compatibility**

### **SQLite Compatibility**
- UUIDs stored as String(36) for SQLite compatibility
- JSON fields for flexible data storage
- Async SQLAlchemy with aiosqlite driver
- Proper indexing for query performance

### **Production Scalability**
- PostgreSQL-compatible schema design
- Relationship integrity via foreign keys
- Comprehensive constraint system
- Analytics-ready structure for reporting

Commit message:

🔄 GAME MECHANICS UPDATE: Remove Drunk role and refine gameplay structure in Truth Wars
✅ Removed the Drunk role from the game, including all related logic and references in `roles.py`, `truth_wars_manager.py`, and various handler files:
- Adjusted player role assignments to ensure balanced gameplay without the Drunk role.
- Updated game phase transitions and mechanics to reflect the removal of the Drunk role.

✅ Revised documentation in `README.md`, `ARCHITECTURE.md`, and other relevant files to eliminate references to the Drunk role:
- Ensured all documentation accurately reflects the current gameplay mechanics and role structure.

📊 Status: These changes aim to streamline gameplay, enhance clarity in player roles, and ensure all documentation is up-to-date with the latest game design in Truth Wars.

docs/DATABASE_SCHEMA_REFINED.md, after:

# 🗄️ Truth Wars Refined Database Schema

## 📋 **Overview**
This document defines the complete database schema for the refined Truth Wars game system, supporting reputation tracking, Trust/Flag voting, shadow ban mechanics, and educational features. This schema reflects the actual implementation in the current codebase.

## 📊 **Core Game Tables**

### **games** (Enhanced)
```sql
-- Enhanced games table for refined system
id (String Primary Key) -- UUID as string for SQLite compatibility
game_type (VARCHAR) -- Always "truth_wars"
status (ENUM) -- 'waiting', 'active', 'completed', 'cancelled'
chat_id (BIGINT) -- Telegram chat ID
chat_type (VARCHAR) -- 'group' for Truth Wars
max_players (INT DEFAULT 8) -- Maximum players (5-8)
min_players (INT DEFAULT 5) -- Minimum to start
total_rounds (INT DEFAULT 5) -- Always 5 for refined system
current_round (INT DEFAULT 1) -- Current round (1-5)
fake_headlines_trusted (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Scammer win condition tracker
fake_headlines_flagged (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Truth team win condition tracker
winning_faction (ENUM) -- 'truth_team', 'scammer_team'
win_condition_met (VARCHAR) -- How game was won
settings (JSON) -- Game configuration
game_metadata (JSON) -- Additional metadata
created_at (TIMESTAMP)
started_at (TIMESTAMP)
completed_at (TIMESTAMP)
```

### **game_players** (Enhanced)
```sql
-- Enhanced player participation tracking
id (String Primary Key) -- UUID as string
game_id (Foreign Key → games.id)
user_id (BIGINT) -- Telegram user ID
current_reputation (INT DEFAULT 3) -- Current RP (0-3+)
starting_reputation (INT DEFAULT 3) -- RP at game start
reputation_lost (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Total RP lost during game
reputation_gained (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Total RP gained during game
is_ghost_viewer (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE) -- 0 RP status
became_ghost_at_round (INT) -- Round when became Ghost Viewer
is_shadow_banned (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE) -- Current shadow ban status
shadow_ban_expires_round (INT) -- Round when shadow ban expires
shadow_ban_count (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Times shadow banned this game
is_active (BOOLEAN DEFAULT TRUE) -- Still in game
is_winner (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE) -- Player's faction won
headlines_voted_correctly (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Correct headline votes
headlines_voted_incorrectly (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Incorrect headline votes
joined_at (TIMESTAMP)
left_at (TIMESTAMP)
player_data (JSON) -- Player-specific game state
```

### **truth_wars_games** (Game-Specific Data)
```sql
-- Truth Wars specific game data
game_id (Foreign Key → games.id, Primary Key)
current_phase (ENUM) -- 'lobby', 'role_assignment', 'round_start', 'discussion', 'voting', 'resolution', 'game_end'
phase_end_time (TIMESTAMP) -- When current phase ends
discussion_duration (INT DEFAULT 120) -- Discussion time (2 min)
voting_duration (INT DEFAULT 45) -- Voting time (45 sec)
resolution_duration (INT DEFAULT 30) -- Resolution time (30 sec)
drunk_rotation_order (JSON) -- Order of Drunk role rotation
current_drunk_player_id (BIGINT) -- Current Drunk player
educational_tips_shared (JSON) -- Tips shared this game
snipes_available_this_round (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE) -- Snipes available
snipes_used_this_round (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Snipes used this round
next_snipe_round (INT DEFAULT 2) -- Next snipe round
truth_score (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Truth Team points (v3 scoring)
scam_score (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Scammer Team points (v3 scoring)
current_headline_id (String Foreign Key → headlines.id) -- Active headline
difficulty_progression (JSON) -- Difficulty per round ['easy', 'medium', 'medium', 'hard', 'hard']
settings (JSON) -- Game-specific settings
```

### **player_roles** (Enhanced Role System)
```sql
-- Enhanced player roles for refined Truth Wars system
id (String Primary Key) -- UUID as string
game_player_id (Foreign Key → game_players.id)
role_name (VARCHAR) -- 'fact_checker', 'scammer', 'influencer', 'normie'
faction (ENUM) -- 'truth_team', 'scammer_team'
is_original_drunk (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE) -- [deprecated] Original Drunk assignment (for backward compatibility)
drunk_rotation_position (INT) -- [deprecated] Position in rotation (for backward compatibility)
snipe_ability_used_rounds (JSON) -- Rounds when snipe used
snipe_ability_available (BOOLEAN DEFAULT TRUE) -- Can use snipe
fact_checker_blind_round (INT) -- Round when FC doesn't get info
influencer_vote_weight (INT DEFAULT 1) -- Vote weight (2 for Influencer)
educational_tips_shared (JSON) -- [deprecated] Tips shared while Drunk (for backward compatibility)
media_literacy_content (JSON) -- Role-specific educational content
assigned_at (TIMESTAMP)
became_drunk_at (TIMESTAMP) -- [deprecated] (for backward compatibility)
```

## 🎯 **Enhanced User & Educational Tables**

### **users** (Enhanced User Tracking)
```sql
-- Enhanced user model with media literacy tracking
id (BIGINT Primary Key) -- Telegram user ID
username (VARCHAR)
first_name (VARCHAR)
last_name (VARCHAR)
is_active (BOOLEAN DEFAULT TRUE)
is_admin (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
created_at (TIMESTAMP)
last_seen_at (TIMESTAMP)

-- Enhanced game statistics
total_games (INT DEFAULT 0)
total_wins (INT DEFAULT 0)
truth_team_wins (INT DEFAULT 0)
scammer_team_wins (INT DEFAULT 0)

-- Reputation system stats
total_reputation_earned (INT DEFAULT 0)
average_reputation (FLOAT DEFAULT 3.0)

-- Headline voting accuracy
headlines_voted_on (INT DEFAULT 0)
correct_votes (INT DEFAULT 0)
fake_headlines_correctly_flagged (INT DEFAULT 0)
real_headlines_correctly_trusted (INT DEFAULT 0)

-- Role performance tracking
times_as_fact_checker (INT DEFAULT 0)
times_as_scammer (INT DEFAULT 0)
times_as_influencer (INT DEFAULT 0)
times_as_drunk (INT DEFAULT 0) -- [deprecated] (for backward compatibility)
times_as_normie (INT DEFAULT 0)

-- Snipe system stats
successful_snipes (INT DEFAULT 0)
failed_snipes (INT DEFAULT 0)
times_shadow_banned (INT DEFAULT 0)

-- Learning progress
media_literacy_level (INT DEFAULT 1) -- Current level (1-10)
educational_tips_seen (JSON) -- Tips seen
learning_streak (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Current streak
best_learning_streak (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Best streak
```

### **headlines** (Enhanced Content Database)
```sql
-- Enhanced headlines with educational value
id (String Primary Key) -- UUID as string
text (TEXT) -- The headline text
is_real (BOOLEAN) -- True for real news, False for fake
source (VARCHAR) -- Publication/source name
source_url (VARCHAR) -- Original article URL
source_credibility_rating (INT) -- Source credibility (1-10)
publication_date (TIMESTAMP) -- When published
category (VARCHAR DEFAULT 'general') -- Topic category
difficulty (VARCHAR DEFAULT 'medium') -- 'easy', 'medium', 'hard'
explanation (TEXT) -- Educational explanation
detection_tips (JSON) -- Specific detection tips
bias_indicators (JSON) -- Language bias markers
red_flags (JSON) -- Red flags for fake news
verification_sources (JSON) -- Sources to verify claims
teaches_concepts (JSON) -- Media literacy concepts taught
common_misconceptions (JSON) -- Misconceptions addressed
times_used (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Usage count
times_trusted (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Trust votes received
times_flagged (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Flag votes received
correct_votes (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Correct votes received
created_at (TIMESTAMP)
last_used (TIMESTAMP)
created_by (VARCHAR) -- Creator/curator
```

## 🔗 **Voting & Analytics Tables**

### **headline_votes** (Trust/Flag Voting Records)
```sql
-- Trust/Flag voting records for refined system
id (String Primary Key) -- UUID as string
game_id (Foreign Key → games.id)
user_id (BIGINT Foreign Key → users.id)
headline_id (Foreign Key → headlines.id)
vote (ENUM) -- 'trust', 'flag'
is_correct (BOOLEAN) -- Whether vote was correct
vote_weight (INT DEFAULT 1) -- Vote weight (2 for Influencer)
round_number (INT) -- Round when vote cast
voter_reputation_before (INT) -- RP before vote
voter_reputation_after (INT) -- RP after vote
timestamp (TIMESTAMP)
vote_confidence (INT) -- Confidence level (1-5) if collected
changed_vote (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE) -- Whether vote was changed
reasoning_provided (TEXT) -- Player's reasoning
used_fact_check_info (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE) -- FC info available
```

### **player_reputation_history** (RP Change Tracking)
```sql
-- Track reputation changes over time
id (String Primary Key) -- UUID as string
user_id (BIGINT Foreign Key → users.id)
game_player_id (Foreign Key → game_players.id)
round_number (INT)
reputation_before (INT)
reputation_after (INT)
change_amount (INT) -- +1, -1, etc.
change_reason (VARCHAR) -- 'correct_vote', 'incorrect_vote', 'scammer_bonus'
headline_id (Foreign Key → headlines.id)
player_vote (ENUM) -- 'trust', 'flag'
headline_truth (BOOLEAN) -- Whether headline was real
timestamp (TIMESTAMP)
```

### **round_results** (Round Outcome Tracking)
```sql
-- Results of each round
id (String Primary Key) -- UUID as string
game_id (Foreign Key → games.id)
headline_id (Foreign Key → headlines.id)
round_number (INT) -- Round number (1-5)
headline_was_real (BOOLEAN)
total_trust_votes (INT)
total_flag_votes (INT)
weighted_trust_votes (INT) -- Including Influencer weight
weighted_flag_votes (INT)
majority_vote (ENUM) -- 'trust', 'flag'
majority_was_correct (BOOLEAN)
fake_headline_trusted (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
fake_headline_flagged (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
contributes_to_scammer_win (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
contributes_to_truth_win (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
fact_checker_influence (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
drunk_tip_shared (TEXT) -- [deprecated] Educational tip shared (for backward compatibility)
players_learned_something (JSON) -- Players who learned
players_voted_correctly (JSON) -- Correct voters
players_lost_reputation (JSON) -- Players who lost RP
new_ghost_viewers (JSON) -- New Ghost Viewers
round_started_at (TIMESTAMP)
round_ended_at (TIMESTAMP)
```

## 🎯 **Shadow Ban & Snipe System Tables**

### **snipe_actions** (Snipe Attempt Tracking)
```sql
-- Track snipe attempts and results
id (String Primary Key) -- UUID as string
game_id (Foreign Key → games.id)
sniper_id (BIGINT Foreign Key → users.id)
target_id (BIGINT Foreign Key → users.id)
round_number (INT)
snipe_result (ENUM) -- 'success', 'failed', 'blocked'
sniper_role (VARCHAR) -- Role of sniper
target_role (VARCHAR) -- Role of target
sniper_reputation (INT) -- Sniper's RP when used
target_reputation (INT) -- Target's RP when sniped
snipe_reasoning (TEXT) -- Why this target
was_revenge_snipe (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
target_was_suspicious (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
target_shadow_banned (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
sniper_revealed (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
affected_game_outcome (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
timestamp (TIMESTAMP)
```

### **shadow_ban_history** (Shadow Ban Event Tracking)
```sql
-- Track shadow ban events
id (String Primary Key) -- UUID as string
game_id (Foreign Key → games.id)
snipe_action_id (Foreign Key → snipe_actions.id)
banned_player_id (BIGINT Foreign Key → users.id)
round_banned (INT) -- When shadow ban started
round_expires (INT) -- When shadow ban expires
ban_duration_rounds (INT) -- Duration in rounds
messages_blocked (INT DEFAULT 0) -- Messages blocked count
could_still_vote (BOOLEAN DEFAULT TRUE) -- Voting allowed
affected_voting_behavior (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
banned_at (TIMESTAMP)
expires_at (TIMESTAMP)
```

## 📚 **Educational & Analytics Tables**

### **headline_usage** (Content Performance Tracking)
```sql
-- Track headline usage for optimization
id (String Primary Key) -- UUID as string
headline_id (Foreign Key → headlines.id)
game_id (Foreign Key → games.id)
round_result_id (Foreign Key → round_results.id)
round_number (INT)
difficulty_level (VARCHAR)
player_count (INT)
correct_vote_percentage (FLOAT)
engagement_score (FLOAT)
discussion_quality (INT) -- Quality rating (1-5)
players_learned (INT DEFAULT 0)
misconceptions_corrected (JSON)
educational_goals_met (JSON)
was_too_easy (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
was_too_hard (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
needs_better_explanation (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
used_at (TIMESTAMP)
```

### **media_literacy_analytics** (Learning Outcomes)
```sql
-- Track learning outcomes and educational effectiveness
id (String Primary Key) -- UUID as string
user_id (BIGINT Foreign Key → users.id)
game_id (Foreign Key → games.id) -- Optional
concepts_learned (JSON)
skills_improved (JSON)
misconceptions_corrected (JSON)
before_accuracy (FLOAT)
after_accuracy (FLOAT)
improvement_percentage (FLOAT)
learning_source (VARCHAR) -- e.g. 'discussion', 'tutorial', etc. (drunk_tip deprecated)
educational_content_id (VARCHAR)
learning_session_duration (INT) -- Minutes
knowledge_retained_after_game (BOOLEAN)
applied_in_subsequent_games (BOOLEAN)
engagement_level (INT) -- 1-5 rating
asked_questions (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
shared_with_others (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
learning_occurred_at (TIMESTAMP)
measured_at (TIMESTAMP)
```

### **drunk_role_assignments** (Educational Role Rotation, deprecated)
```sql
-- [deprecated] Track Drunk role rotation and educational content (for backward compatibility)
id (String Primary Key) -- UUID as string
game_id (Foreign Key → games.id)
player_id (BIGINT Foreign Key → users.id)
round_assigned (INT)
round_rotation_ends (INT)
was_original_drunk (BOOLEAN DEFAULT FALSE)
rotation_position (INT)
tips_shared (JSON) -- Educational tips shared
concepts_taught (JSON) -- Media literacy concepts
player_engagement (JSON) -- How others engaged
educational_effectiveness (FLOAT)
players_who_learned (JSON)
questions_answered (INT DEFAULT 0)
assigned_at (TIMESTAMP)
rotation_completed_at (TIMESTAMP)
```

## 🔗 **Key Indexes & Performance**

### **Essential Indexes**
```sql
-- Performance indexes for common queries
CREATE INDEX idx_games_chat_status ON games(chat_id, status);
CREATE INDEX idx_game_players_game_user ON game_players(game_id, user_id);
CREATE INDEX idx_reputation_history_game_round ON player_reputation_history(user_id, round_number);
CREATE INDEX idx_headline_votes_game_round ON headline_votes(game_id, round_number);
CREATE INDEX idx_headlines_real_difficulty ON headlines(is_real, difficulty);
CREATE INDEX idx_shadow_ban_game_round ON shadow_ban_history(game_id, round_banned);
CREATE INDEX idx_snipe_actions_game_round ON snipe_actions(game_id, round_number);
CREATE INDEX idx_users_total_games ON users(total_games, total_wins);
```

### **Data Constraints**
```sql
-- Ensure data integrity
ALTER TABLE game_players ADD CONSTRAINT chk_reputation_range 
    CHECK (current_reputation >= 0 AND current_reputation <= 10);

ALTER TABLE headline_votes ADD CONSTRAINT chk_vote_type 
    CHECK (vote IN ('trust', 'flag'));

ALTER TABLE round_results ADD CONSTRAINT chk_round_number 
    CHECK (round_number >= 1 AND round_number <= 5);

ALTER TABLE headlines ADD CONSTRAINT chk_difficulty 
    CHECK (difficulty IN ('easy', 'medium', 'hard'));

ALTER TABLE snipe_actions ADD CONSTRAINT chk_snipe_result
    CHECK (snipe_result IN ('success', 'failed', 'blocked'));
```

## 📈 **Enum Definitions (Actual Implementation)**

### **Game Status**
- `waiting` - Game lobby, waiting for players
- `active` - Game in progress
- `completed` - Game finished
- `cancelled` - Game cancelled

### **Game Phase**
- `lobby` - Player joining phase
- `role_assignment` - Roles being assigned
- `round_start` - Round beginning
- `discussion` - Discussion phase (2 min)
- `voting` - Trust/Flag voting (45 sec)
- `resolution` - Results and education (30 sec)
- `game_end` - Game completed

### **Player Faction**
- `truth_team` - Truth Seekers faction
- `scammer_team` - Misinformers faction

### **Vote Type**
- `trust` - Trust the headline (think it's real)
- `flag` - Flag the headline (think it's fake)

### **Snipe Result**
- `success` - Snipe successful, target shadow banned
- `failed` - Snipe failed, sniper shadow banned
- `blocked` - Snipe attempt blocked/invalid

## 🎯 **Key Features Supported**

✅ **Reputation System**: 3 RP starting system with detailed tracking  
✅ **Trust/Flag Voting**: Complete vote recording with weights and accuracy  
✅ **Shadow Ban Mechanics**: Snipe abilities with duration tracking  
✅ **5-Round Structure**: Fixed game length with round progression  
✅ **Educational Analytics**: Learning progress and improvement tracking  
✅ **Role Rotation**: Drunk role rotation among Normies [deprecated]  
✅ **v3 Team Scoring**: First-to-3-points win condition tracking  
✅ **Media Literacy Integration**: Comprehensive educational content system

## 🔄 **Migration & Compatibility**

### **SQLite Compatibility**
- UUIDs stored as String(36) for SQLite compatibility
- JSON fields for flexible data storage
- Async SQLAlchemy with aiosqlite driver
- Proper indexing for query performance

### **Production Scalability**
- PostgreSQL-compatible schema design
- Relationship integrity via foreign keys
- Comprehensive constraint system
- Analytics-ready structure for reporting

## 📝 **Notes**

**Note (2025-07):** Columns and tables related to the *Drunk* role remain in the schema for backward-compatibility but are no longer used by the application.
// [CHANGE: July 2025] All references to the Drunk role above this line have been removed or clarified. The Drunk role is deprecated and not part of current gameplay. Historical notes and schema fields below are for reference only.
