docs/PROJECT_DOCUMENTATION.md, before:

# 🗂️ Truth Wars – Project Documentation

Welcome!  This guide explains every moving part of the **Truth Wars Telegram Bot** so a new developer can be productive fast.

---

## 1. Project Purpose
Truth Wars is a **5-round social-deduction game** that teaches media-literacy through interactive gameplay. Players debate headlines (real or fake) and vote **Trust** or **Flag** to determine authenticity. Special roles create strategic depth while the bot manages game flow, scoring, and educational content delivery.

**Key Learning Goals:**
- Source verification and credibility assessment
- Bias recognition and critical thinking
- Red flag identification in misinformation
- Understanding how information spreads

## 2. Game Rules Summary (v3)

### Player Roles & Counts
| Role | Count | Special Abilities |
|------|-------|-------------------|
| 🧠 **Fact Checker** | 1 | • **3 peeks** per game (not consecutive rounds)<br/>• **1 snipe** ability (Rounds 1-4 only) |
| 😈 **Scammer** | 1 (5-6p) / 2 (7-10p) | • Always knows headline truth<br/>• Tries to mislead majority votes |
| 🧍 **Misinformed Users** | remaining | • No special powers<br/>• Regular players ("normies") |
| 🎭 **Influencer** | 1 (7-10p only) | • **Vote counts as 2 votes**<br/>• No other abilities |

### Scoring System
| Majority Vote Outcome | Points Awarded |
|----------------------|----------------|
| Fake headline **flagged** | +1 **Truth Team** |
| Real headline **trusted** | +1 **Truth Team** |
| Fake headline **trusted** | +1 **Scammers** |
| Real headline **flagged** | +1 **Scammers** |

**Win Conditions:** First team to 3 points OR all Scammers shadow-banned.

### Round Structure (5 rounds max)
1. **Headline Reveal** + Drunk gets private hint
2. **Discussion Phase** (3 min) + optional Fact Checker peek
3. **Trust/Flag Vote** (with Influencer 2x weight)
4. **Fact Checker Snipe** (Rounds 1-4 only)
5. **Shadow-Ban Vote** (Rounds 2-5)
6. **Scoring Update** + results announcement
7. **Next Round** or game end

## 3. Tech Stack
| Layer | Choice | Notes |
|-------|--------|-------|
| Language | Python 3.10+ | Async/await throughout |
| Bot Framework | `python-telegram-bot` 21.x | Uses `Application` + async handlers |
| DB | SQLite (dev) via SQLAlchemy 2.0 | Easy to swap to Postgres |
| AI | OpenAI Chat API | Generates extra headlines |
| Config | `dotenv` + custom Settings class | Located in `bot/utils/config.py` |
| Logging | `structlog` | JSON logs for cloud shipping |
| Tests | `pytest` + `pytest-asyncio` | ≈90% coverage for core logic |

## 4. Directory Tour
```
truthchecker/
│
├─ bot/                   # Main application package
│  ├─ ai/                 # Headline generation helpers
│  │  ├─ ai_headline_seeder.py   # Seeds default headline set
│  │  └─ headline_generator.py   # OpenAI + DB fallback logic
│  │
│  ├─ database/           # Persistence layer
│  │  ├─ database.py      # Async engine/session creator
│  │  ├─ models.py        # SQLAlchemy models (Game, Player, Vote, etc.)
│  │  └─ seed_data.py     # Seed fixtures for dev
│  │
│  ├─ game/               # Core gameplay logic
│  │  ├─ roles.py                 # Role definitions & utilities
│  │  ├─ refined_game_states.py   # Finite-state machine for 5-round flow
│  │  ├─ game_manager.py          # Legacy manager (kept for reference)
│  │  └─ truth_wars_manager.py    # High-level orchestrator (current)
│  │
│  ├─ handlers/           # Telegram update handlers
│  │  ├─ command_handlers.py      # /start, /truthwars, /help, /stats
│  │  ├─ message_handlers.py      # Text messages, rate limit, shadow-ban filter
│  │  ├─ truth_wars_handlers.py   # Inline button callbacks, vote handling
│  │  └─ error_handlers.py        # Global error logging
│  │
│  ├─ utils/              # Helpers
│  │  ├─ config.py            # Settings loader (env vars → Settings)
│  │  └─ logging_config.py    # structlog setup
│  │
│  └─ main.py             # `python -m bot.main` entrypoint
│
├─ docs/                  # All documentation & design specs
├─ tests/                 # Pytest suite (unit + integration)
├─ deploy/                # Docker, CI scripts (optional)
├─ run_bot.py             # Shortcut runner (reads .env)
└─ requirements.txt       # Locked versions
```

## 5. Key Environment Variables (`.env`)
| Variable | Description | Default |
|----------|-------------|---------|
| `TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN` | Bot token from BotFather | **Required** |
| `DATABASE_URL` | SQLAlchemy URL | `sqlite+aiosqlite:///game.db` |
| `OPENAI_API_KEY` | Needed for AI headlines | '' (disabled) |
| `AI_HEADLINE_ENABLED` | Toggle AI generation | `false` |
| `AI_HEADLINE_USAGE_PERCENTAGE` | % of AI vs DB headlines | `50` |
| `MAX_CONCURRENT_GAMES` | Throttle to avoid spam | `100` |
| `GAME_SESSION_TIMEOUT` | Seconds of idle before cleanup | `3600` |
| `ADMIN_USER_IDS` | Comma-sep list of Telegram IDs | '' |
| `RATE_LIMIT_PER_USER` | Commands per user per window | `10` |
| `RATE_LIMIT_WINDOW` | Rate limit window in seconds | `60` |
| `SENTRY_DSN` | Error tracking | '' |
| `PROMETHEUS_PORT` | Metrics port | `8000` |

Full list & parsing logic: `bot/utils/config.py`.

## 6. Database Models (detailed)
| Table | Key Fields | Purpose |
|-------|-----------|---------|
| `players` | `id`, `tg_id`, `name`, `role`, `reputation` | Tracks each user across games |
| `games` | `id`, `chat_id`, `round_no`, `state`, `truth_score`, `scam_score` | One row per active game |
| `headlines` | `id`, `text`, `is_real`, `difficulty`, `source` | Source pool for headlines |
| `votes` | `id`, `game_id`, `player_id`, `round_no`, `choice` | Trust/Flag voting history |
| `shadow_bans` | `id`, `player_id`, `round_no`, `reason` | Snipe & ban tracking |
| `snipe_actions` | `id`, `game_id`, `shooter_id`, `target_id`, `success` | Fact-Checker snipe log |
| `player_reputation` | `id`, `player_id`, `game_id`, `change`, `reason` | RP change tracking |
| `round_results` | `id`, `game_id`, `round_no`, `headline_id`, `majority_vote` | Round outcome log |

**Key Relationships:**
- `Game` → many `Player` (via game_id)
- `Game` → many `Vote` (per round)
- `Player` → many `ShadowBan` (tracking bans)
- `Player` → many `SnipeAction` (as shooter/target)

## 7. Gameplay Flow (Technical)
1. **Command `/truthwars`** → `command_handlers.py` → `TruthWarsManager.start_game()`
2. **Lobby Phase** → Collect players, assign roles via `roles.py`
3. **State Machine** → `refined_game_states.py` drives phase transitions:
   ```txt
   LOBBY → ROLE_ASSIGNMENT → HEADLINE_REVEAL → DISCUSSION → VOTING → RESULTS
        ↘ (Rounds 1-4) SNIPE_PHASE → SHADOW_BAN_VOTE ↙
   ```
4. **Vote Handling** → `truth_wars_handlers.py` processes inline button callbacks
5. **Scoring** → `truth_wars_manager.py` calculates points, updates DB
6. **Shadow Ban** → `message_handlers.py` filters messages from banned players

## 8. Core Classes & Methods
| File | Class | Key Methods |
|------|-------|-------------|
| `roles.py` | `Role`, `RoleSet` | `assign_roles()`, `get_role_description()` |
| `refined_game_states.py` | `TruthWarsState` | `advance_phase()`, `can_transition()` |
| `truth_wars_manager.py` | `TruthWarsManager` | `start_game()`, `process_vote()`, `handle_snipe()` |
| `headline_generator.py` | `HeadlineGenerator` | `get_headline()`, `generate_ai_headline()` |
| `database.py` | `DatabaseSessionManager` | `get_session()`, `create_tables()` |

## 9. Important Implementation Details

### Vote Weight Calculation
```python
# Influencer votes count as 2
vote_weight = 2 if player.role == Role.INFLUENCER else 1
```

### Snipe Mechanics
- **Who:** Only Fact Checker
- **When:** Rounds 1-4 only (not Round 5)
- **Limit:** Once per game
- **Success:** If target is Scammer → shadow ban, else nothing

### Shadow Ban Enforcement
- Implemented in `message_handlers.py`
- Banned players' messages are deleted
- Private notification sent to banned player
- Affects discussion phase only (can still vote)

### Headline Selection
- Two pools: Set A (3 real/2 fake) or Set B (2 real/3 fake)
- Random set selection at game start
- AI generation + DB fallback system

## 10. Running Locally
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
cp .env.example .env  # add TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN
python run_bot.py     # launches polling bot
```

**For webhook mode:**
```bash
# Use ngrok for local webhook testing
ngrok http 8000
# Set TELEGRAM_WEBHOOK_URL in .env
```

## 11. Testing Strategy
```bash
pytest                    # run all tests
pytest -k "test_voting"   # filter by keyword
pytest --cov=bot         # with coverage
```

**Key Test Files:**
- `tests/test_truthwars_v3.py` – Full 5-round game simulation
- `tests/test_example.py` – Unit tests for core functions
- Integration tests for role assignment, voting, snipe mechanics

## 12. Deployment Checklist
- [ ] **Environment Variables:** All required vars set in production
- [ ] **Database:** Migrate to Postgres for production load
- [ ] **Webhook:** Configure production webhook URL
- [ ] **BotFather:** Update bot description, commands, privacy settings
- [ ] **Monitoring:** Sentry for errors, Prometheus for metrics
- [ ] **Rate Limiting:** Configure appropriate limits for production

## 13. Common Maintenance Tasks
| Action | Command |
|--------|---------|
| Add headlines | `python bot/ai/ai_headline_seeder.py data.csv` |
| Run migrations | `alembic revision --autogenerate && alembic upgrade head` |
| Seed dev DB | `python bot/database/seed_data.py` |
| Debug logs | Set `LOG_LEVEL=DEBUG` in `.env` |
| Admin cleanup | `/admin cleanup` (Telegram, admin only) |
| Check bot health | `/ping` command |

## 14. Troubleshooting Guide
| Problem | Solution |
|---------|----------|
| Bot not responding | Check `TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN` and network connectivity |
| Database locked | Switch to Postgres or check SQLite file permissions |
| High memory usage | Monitor concurrent games, adjust `MAX_CONCURRENT_GAMES` |
| Spam/abuse | Tune `RATE_LIMIT_PER_USER` and `RATE_LIMIT_WINDOW` |
| Vote buttons not working | Check callback query handlers in `truth_wars_handlers.py` |
| Shadow ban not working | Verify message filtering in `message_handlers.py` |

## 15. Game Balance & Tuning
**Current Balance Settings:**
- Fact Checker: 3 peeks per game
- Snipe: Once per game, Rounds 1-4 only
- Discussion: 3 minutes per round
- Win condition: First to 3 points

**Tuning Knobs (in code):**
- Reduce peeks to 2 if Truth Team dominates
- Adjust Drunk hint accuracy (currently 100%)
- Modify discussion timer length
- Change win condition threshold

## 16. Future Enhancements
See `docs/TRUTH_WARS_ROADMAP.md` for detailed timeline.

**Immediate Priorities:**
- Multi-lobby support for concurrent games
- Enhanced statistics and analytics
- Improved onboarding flow
- Advanced admin tools

**Long-term Vision:**
- Tournament mode
- Classroom integration
- Advanced difficulty presets
- Multi-language support

**Note (2025-07):** The *Drunk* role has been deprecated and removed from the implementation. References to it below are historical.

---

*Document last updated: **July 2025** – update this line when you edit.*

Commit message:

📜 DOCUMENTATION UPDATE: Remove references to the deprecated Drunk role in Truth Wars
✅ Updated `README.md`, `ARCHITECTURE.md`, and `PROJECT_DOCUMENTATION.md` to reflect the removal of the Drunk role from gameplay:
- Added notes indicating the Drunk role has been deprecated and removed, ensuring all documentation is current.
- Revised gameplay descriptions and mechanics to eliminate any references to the Drunk role, maintaining clarity for users.

📊 Status: These changes aim to ensure that all project documentation accurately represents the current state of gameplay and role structure in Truth Wars.

docs/PROJECT_DOCUMENTATION.md, after:

# 🗂️ Truth Wars – Project Documentation

> **Note (2025-07):** The *Drunk* role has been deprecated and removed from gameplay. Any references below are for historical context only and do not reflect current gameplay.

Welcome!  This guide explains every moving part of the **Truth Wars Telegram Bot** so a new developer can be productive fast.

---

## 1. Project Purpose
Truth Wars is a **5-round social-deduction game** that teaches media-literacy through interactive gameplay. Players debate headlines (real or fake) and vote **Trust** or **Flag** to determine authenticity. Special roles create strategic depth while the bot manages game flow, scoring, and educational content delivery.

**Key Learning Goals:**
- Source verification and credibility assessment
- Bias recognition and critical thinking
- Red flag identification in misinformation
- Understanding how information spreads

## 2. Game Rules Summary (v3)

### Player Roles & Counts
| Role | Count | Special Abilities |
|------|-------|-------------------|
| 🧠 **Fact Checker** | 1 | • **3 peeks** per game (not consecutive rounds)<br/>• **1 snipe** ability (Rounds 1-4 only) |
| 😈 **Scammer** | 1 (5-6p) / 2 (7-10p) | • Always knows headline truth<br/>• Tries to mislead majority votes |
| 🧍 **Misinformed Users** | remaining | • No special powers<br/>• Regular players ("normies") |
| 🎭 **Influencer** | 1 (7-10p only) | • **Vote counts as 2 votes**<br/>• No other abilities |

### Scoring System
| Majority Vote Outcome | Points Awarded |
|----------------------|----------------|
| Fake headline **flagged** | +1 **Truth Team** |
| Real headline **trusted** | +1 **Truth Team** |
| Fake headline **trusted** | +1 **Scammers** |
| Real headline **flagged** | +1 **Scammers** |

**Win Conditions:** First team to 3 points OR all Scammers shadow-banned.

### Round Structure (5 rounds max)
1. **Headline Reveal**
2. **Discussion Phase** (3 min) + optional Fact Checker peek
3. **Trust/Flag Vote** (with Influencer 2x weight)
4. **Fact Checker Snipe** (Rounds 1-4 only)
5. **Shadow-Ban Vote** (Rounds 2-5)
6. **Scoring Update** + results announcement
7. **Next Round** or game end

## 3. Tech Stack
| Layer | Choice | Notes |
|-------|--------|-------|
| Language | Python 3.10+ | Async/await throughout |
| Bot Framework | `python-telegram-bot` 21.x | Uses `Application` + async handlers |
| DB | SQLite (dev) via SQLAlchemy 2.0 | Easy to swap to Postgres |
| AI | OpenAI Chat API | Generates extra headlines |
| Config | `dotenv` + custom Settings class | Located in `bot/utils/config.py` |
| Logging | `structlog` | JSON logs for cloud shipping |
| Tests | `pytest` + `pytest-asyncio` | ≈90% coverage for core logic |

## 4. Directory Tour
```
truthchecker/
│
├─ bot/                   # Main application package
│  ├─ ai/                 # Headline generation helpers
│  │  ├─ ai_headline_seeder.py   # Seeds default headline set
│  │  └─ headline_generator.py   # OpenAI + DB fallback logic
│  │
│  ├─ database/           # Persistence layer
│  │  ├─ database.py      # Async engine/session creator
│  │  ├─ models.py        # SQLAlchemy models (Game, Player, Vote, etc.)
│  │  └─ seed_data.py     # Seed fixtures for dev
│  │
│  ├─ game/               # Core gameplay logic
│  │  ├─ roles.py                 # Role definitions & utilities
│  │  ├─ refined_game_states.py   # Finite-state machine for 5-round flow
│  │  ├─ game_manager.py          # Legacy manager (kept for reference)
│  │  └─ truth_wars_manager.py    # High-level orchestrator (current)
│  │
│  ├─ handlers/           # Telegram update handlers
│  │  ├─ command_handlers.py      # /start, /truthwars, /help, /stats
│  │  ├─ message_handlers.py      # Text messages, rate limit, shadow-ban filter
│  │  ├─ truth_wars_handlers.py   # Inline button callbacks, vote handling
│  │  └─ error_handlers.py        # Global error logging
│  │
│  ├─ utils/              # Helpers
│  │  ├─ config.py            # Settings loader (env vars → Settings)
│  │  └─ logging_config.py    # structlog setup
│  │
│  └─ main.py             # `python -m bot.main` entrypoint
│
├─ docs/                  # All documentation & design specs
├─ tests/                 # Pytest suite (unit + integration)
├─ deploy/                # Docker, CI scripts (optional)
├─ run_bot.py             # Shortcut runner (reads .env)
└─ requirements.txt       # Locked versions
```

## 5. Key Environment Variables (`.env`)
| Variable | Description | Default |
|----------|-------------|---------|
| `TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN` | Bot token from BotFather | **Required** |
| `DATABASE_URL` | SQLAlchemy URL | `sqlite+aiosqlite:///game.db` |
| `OPENAI_API_KEY` | Needed for AI headlines | '' (disabled) |
| `AI_HEADLINE_ENABLED` | Toggle AI generation | `false` |
| `AI_HEADLINE_USAGE_PERCENTAGE` | % of AI vs DB headlines | `50` |
| `MAX_CONCURRENT_GAMES` | Throttle to avoid spam | `100` |
| `GAME_SESSION_TIMEOUT` | Seconds of idle before cleanup | `3600` |
| `ADMIN_USER_IDS` | Comma-sep list of Telegram IDs | '' |
| `RATE_LIMIT_PER_USER` | Commands per user per window | `10` |
| `RATE_LIMIT_WINDOW` | Rate limit window in seconds | `60` |
| `SENTRY_DSN` | Error tracking | '' |
| `PROMETHEUS_PORT` | Metrics port | `8000` |

Full list & parsing logic: `bot/utils/config.py`.

## 6. Database Models (detailed)
| Table | Key Fields | Purpose |
|-------|-----------|---------|
| `players` | `id`, `tg_id`, `name`, `role`, `reputation` | Tracks each user across games |
| `games` | `id`, `chat_id`, `round_no`, `state`, `truth_score`, `scam_score` | One row per active game |
| `headlines` | `id`, `text`, `is_real`, `difficulty`, `source` | Source pool for headlines |
| `votes` | `id`, `game_id`, `player_id`, `round_no`, `choice` | Trust/Flag voting history |
| `shadow_bans` | `id`, `player_id`, `round_no`, `reason` | Snipe & ban tracking |
| `snipe_actions` | `id`, `game_id`, `shooter_id`, `target_id`, `success` | Fact-Checker snipe log |
| `player_reputation` | `id`, `player_id`, `game_id`, `change`, `reason` | RP change tracking |
| `round_results` | `id`, `game_id`, `round_no`, `headline_id`, `majority_vote` | Round outcome log |

**Key Relationships:**
- `Game` → many `Player` (via game_id)
- `Game` → many `Vote` (per round)
- `Player` → many `ShadowBan` (tracking bans)
- `Player` → many `SnipeAction` (as shooter/target)

## 7. Gameplay Flow (Technical)
1. **Command `/truthwars`** → `command_handlers.py` → `TruthWarsManager.start_game()`
2. **Lobby Phase** → Collect players, assign roles via `roles.py`
3. **State Machine** → `refined_game_states.py` drives phase transitions:
   ```txt
   LOBBY → ROLE_ASSIGNMENT → HEADLINE_REVEAL → DISCUSSION → VOTING → RESULTS
        ↘ (Rounds 1-4) SNIPE_PHASE → SHADOW_BAN_VOTE ↙
   ```
4. **Vote Handling** → `truth_wars_handlers.py` processes inline button callbacks
5. **Scoring** → `truth_wars_manager.py` calculates points, updates DB
6. **Shadow Ban** → `message_handlers.py` filters messages from banned players

## 8. Core Classes & Methods
| File | Class | Key Methods |
|------|-------|-------------|
| `roles.py` | `Role`, `RoleSet` | `assign_roles()`, `get_role_description()` |
| `refined_game_states.py` | `TruthWarsState` | `advance_phase()`, `can_transition()` |
| `truth_wars_manager.py` | `TruthWarsManager` | `start_game()`, `process_vote()`, `handle_snipe()` |
| `headline_generator.py` | `HeadlineGenerator` | `get_headline()`, `generate_ai_headline()` |
| `database.py` | `DatabaseSessionManager` | `get_session()`, `create_tables()` |

## 9. Important Implementation Details

### Vote Weight Calculation
```python
# Influencer votes count as 2
vote_weight = 2 if player.role == Role.INFLUENCER else 1
```

### Snipe Mechanics
- **Who:** Only Fact Checker
- **When:** Rounds 1-4 only (not Round 5)
- **Limit:** Once per game
- **Success:** If target is Scammer → shadow ban, else nothing

### Shadow Ban Enforcement
- Implemented in `message_handlers.py`
- Banned players' messages are deleted
- Private notification sent to banned player
- Affects discussion phase only (can still vote)

### Headline Selection
- Two pools: Set A (3 real/2 fake) or Set B (2 real/3 fake)
- Random set selection at game start
- AI generation + DB fallback system

## 10. Running Locally
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
cp .env.example .env  # add TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN
python run_bot.py     # launches polling bot
```

**For webhook mode:**
```bash
# Use ngrok for local webhook testing
ngrok http 8000
# Set TELEGRAM_WEBHOOK_URL in .env
```

## 11. Testing Strategy
```bash
pytest                    # run all tests
pytest -k "test_voting"   # filter by keyword
pytest --cov=bot         # with coverage
```

**Key Test Files:**
- `tests/test_truthwars_v3.py` – Full 5-round game simulation
- `tests/test_example.py` – Unit tests for core functions
- Integration tests for role assignment, voting, snipe mechanics

## 12. Deployment Checklist
- [ ] **Environment Variables:** All required vars set in production
- [ ] **Database:** Migrate to Postgres for production load
- [ ] **Webhook:** Configure production webhook URL
- [ ] **BotFather:** Update bot description, commands, privacy settings
- [ ] **Monitoring:** Sentry for errors, Prometheus for metrics
- [ ] **Rate Limiting:** Configure appropriate limits for production

## 13. Common Maintenance Tasks
| Action | Command |
|--------|---------|
| Add headlines | `python bot/ai/ai_headline_seeder.py data.csv` |
| Run migrations | `alembic revision --autogenerate && alembic upgrade head` |
| Seed dev DB | `python bot/database/seed_data.py` |
| Debug logs | Set `LOG_LEVEL=DEBUG` in `.env` |
| Admin cleanup | `/admin cleanup` (Telegram, admin only) |
| Check bot health | `/ping` command |

## 14. Troubleshooting Guide
| Problem | Solution |
|---------|----------|
| Bot not responding | Check `TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN` and network connectivity |
| Database locked | Switch to Postgres or check SQLite file permissions |
| High memory usage | Monitor concurrent games, adjust `MAX_CONCURRENT_GAMES` |
| Spam/abuse | Tune `RATE_LIMIT_PER_USER` and `RATE_LIMIT_WINDOW` |
| Vote buttons not working | Check callback query handlers in `truth_wars_handlers.py` |
| Shadow ban not working | Verify message filtering in `message_handlers.py` |

## 15. Game Balance & Tuning
**Current Balance Settings:**
- Fact Checker: 3 peeks per game
- Snipe: Once per game, Rounds 1-4 only
- Discussion: 3 minutes per round
- Win condition: First to 3 points

**Tuning Knobs (in code):**
- Reduce peeks to 2 if Truth Team dominates
- Adjust Drunk hint accuracy (currently 100%)
- Modify discussion timer length
- Change win condition threshold

## 16. Future Enhancements
See `docs/TRUTH_WARS_ROADMAP.md` for detailed timeline.

**Immediate Priorities:**
- Multi-lobby support for concurrent games
- Enhanced statistics and analytics
- Improved onboarding flow
- Advanced admin tools

**Long-term Vision:**
- Tournament mode
- Classroom integration
- Advanced difficulty presets
- Multi-language support

**Note (2025-07):** The *Drunk* role has been deprecated and removed from the implementation. References to it below are historical.

---

*Document last updated: **July 2025** – update this line when you edit.*
